Virtual Key Documentation

In order to create the product as specified, the project will focus on creating a console application where the user inputs numbers and words as necessary. This product will have a User Interface that takes in input, uses a static block of functions that will in turn interact with the Files and Directories and then return the result back to the User Interface that reports back to the User. This project will need a User Interface, a File Object containing a name and data, a Directory object containing name, parent directory, and an optional HashSet of directories and files, and a class containing static functions taking in inputs from User Interface, most of which requires a string and a Directory. The Sorting will be done using Collections.sort() and custom comparator methods in File and Directory, and the Search functionality will be called recursively.

User Stories: <Description>. <Story Points>
1.	As a User, I want to exit the application so I can do something else. 1
2.	As a User, I want to add a file, so I can store the file. 2
3.	As a User, I want to retrieve all files alphabetically, so I can view the names. 5
4.  As a User, I want to do the  same as #3, but sorted by the files in the same directory. 3
5.	As a User, I want to delete a file, so it’s gone. 2
6.  As a User, I want to delete a directory and all its files, so it's remmoved from the working directory. 2
7.  As a User, I want to select options to do their functions (unless I change my mind) so I have control over what the application does. 2
8.  As a User, I want to add a directory, so I can store it. 1
9.  As a User, I want to cancel the process of viewing all files, so I can do something else. 1
10. As a User, I want to cancel adding a file or directory, so I don't have to delete them later. 1

Sprints: <Description>: <User Story>
 Sprint 1: Implement the basic framework of the project and complete the basic functionality. User Stories: 1,3,5,7
 Sprint 2: Add in the remaining features needed to meet all feature requirements. User Stories: 2,4,6,8,9,10